update lustar description (#861)
urbit/docs: reference/hoon-expressions/rune/lus.md

### +* "lustar"

Used to assign an alias to doors and define virtual arms.

##### Syntax

Regular: **variadic**.

```hoon
+*  a=term  b=hoon
    c=term  d=hoon
    ...
    e=term  f=hoon
```

`a`, `c`, `e` are arm names and `b`, `d`, `f` are any Hoon expression. Note that unlike all other
runes with a variable number of arguments, the list of arguments of `+*` does

> not end with a terminating rune.

Reviewer: > all other runes
> terminating rune

I still feel uncomfortable with calling `++` and `--` and such _runes_. `--` is a terminator (for a rune), `++` is, uh, technically superfluous syntax, but good at clarifying where the arm names/sections in a core are.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, the core arms (`++`, `+*`, `+$`) are not runes, but separators (like the comma in `%=(a b 1, c 2)`). And the terminators (`--`, `==`) are *definitely* not runes.

Author: Wow, this is news to me. I am pretty sure this is not made explicit in Hoon school (but I'll check later). And we definitely have these things in the runes portion of the reference section and other spots too. I'm going to make a new issue for this.

Reviewer 3: We used to refer to them as "ascii digraphs" but at some point we just gave up. I agree they are not runes, but calling them ascii digraphs is cumbersome and we also had to document _what_ they did in the cases of the lus ones in particular so it got filed under runes as that is where you're likely to look for that information.

Author: Alright, I changed it to talk about "`++` arms" instead, and changed terminating runes->terminators.

`+*` arms must always come at the beginning of the battery, before any other
type of lus arm.

##### Discussion

The primary use of `+*` is to assign aliases to doors (see Examples below).
However, they may also be used to define "virtual arms" which behave just like

> ordinary arms except they allow nesting within cores that requires a specific

Reviewer: > behave just like ordinary arms

Wondering if this is 100% true.

Author: I tried playing around with them a bit and get the impression that I am wrong, but I don't understand what's going on well enough to say what exactly is different.

Author: I think deferring to how `+*` turns into `=*`s properly explains what is actually meant by virtual arm. https://github.com/urbit/docs/pull/861/commits/ee469e5acb24eb098227a8fbf68d33d390fd45a4

number of arms, such as Gall apps. Put another way, no matter how many virtual
arms are defined in a `+*` statement, the interpreter will see it as only being
a single arm for the purposes of nesting.

> Under the hood, `+*` gets compiled to `=*`.

Reviewer: See [its destructuring](https://github.com/urbit/urbit/blob/3196179fbdc7afe4f5d4c8143b85ee7c5b9c7d41/pkg/arvo/sys/hoon.hoon#L8680-L8688).

If I'm getting this right (@joemfb please confirm) that means that this:

```hoon
|_  z=@ud
+*  n  1
++  x  (add z n)
++  y  (sub z n)
--
```

becomes roughly:

```hoon
=|  z=@ud
|%
++  x
  =*  n  1
  (add z n)
++  y
  =*  n  1
  (sub z n)
--
```

Reviewer 2: That's right.

##### Examples

To assign an alias to a door, we often write the following.
```hoon
|_  foo
+*  this  .
```
This is the idomatic way to assign the alias `this` to the door.

> Gall apps have a fixed number of arms, but sometimes you'd like to have more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gall app cores have a fixed number of arms, but sometimes you'd like to have more.
```

But also, the general solution there is to

```hoon
=<
  |_  =bowl:gall
  ++  on-init  etc
  --
::
|_  =bowl:gall
++  more-arms  etc
--
```

or similar, often with a `+*` pointing to that second core for easy of access. We don't (and shouldn't) go around slapping a thousand `+*` into agent cores.

This is where virtual arms come in.

```hoon
|_  =bowl:gall
+*  this  .
    samp  +<
    cont  +>
```
This assigns the door the alias `this`, the sample of the door `samp`, and the
context of the door `cont`.

Using more than two arguments for `+*` is unnecessary if you do not care about
how many arms your core has. The above snippet has the same behavior as the
following one does, except it has more arms:

```hoon
|_  foo
+*  this  .
+*  samp  +<
+*  cont  +>

> ```

Reviewer: Huh, I thought this didn't work?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, you only get (up to) one `+*`. Needless to say, that's pretty controversial.

Author: I suppose I misunderstood your answer when I asked this in our call @Fang- . I should definitely make a habit of testing all code before putting it into a PR at the very least.

You are not restricted to lark expressions. Functions may be defined as well.

> Another common snipper seen in Gall apps is the following.

Reviewer: We should avoid giving lark as examples, then. The `+*` is important here, we don't want people scratching their heads over its contents while trying to reason about the `+*` itself.

Author: Yes, good point!

Author: I've been trying to come up with a short and concise example of doing something other than assigning aliases with lustar, but I haven't quite been able to wrap my head around the examples I've come across in the code base.

Everywhere I've looked, you have something like

```
=<
  |_  =bowl:gall
  +*  do   ~(. +> bowl)
  ++  stuff  foo:do
::etc
--
|_  =bowl:gall
  ++  foo  %bar
::etc
--
```

I'm pretty sure I understand what is going on here - `do` is used to call arms in the second door with the sample of the first, but I don't understand the syntax with `%~`. The documentation says the syntax is `(arm door args)`, but `.` is the subject, which is the door, which isn't an arm...?

Are doors somehow considered to be arms, is the subject `.` is referring to not actually the parent door, is the doc on `%~` wrong, or what?

Reviewer 4: IIUC `.` is in fact an arm; an arm is a subset of the subject, which can include the entire subject. So `~(. +> a)` is slamming `+>` (the door) with `a` to produce a core, and then evaluating `.` in the resulting expression, which is the core itself.

### +* "lustar"

Used to assign an alias to doors and define virtual arms.

##### Syntax

Regular: **variadic**.

```hoon
+*  a=term  b=hoon
    c=term  d=hoon
    ...
    e=term  f=hoon
```

`a`, `c`, `e` are arm names and `b`, `d`, `f` are any Hoon expression. Note that unlike all other
runes with a variable number of arguments, the list of arguments of `+*` does
not end with a terminating rune.

`+*` arms must always come at the beginning of the battery, before any other
type of lus arm.

##### Discussion

> The primary use of `+*` is to assign aliases to doors (see Examples below).

Reviewer 3: Unless I am misunderstanding, this use of this rune should be discouraged as it' deprecated in favor of using |$
